greet his friends
passage to the year 2010 requires exceptional video
today we will do
Wow yesterday
rhythmic today
major mission
the major
but billy
to fight against simplifying as much as possible
it will be done in two stages
we're going on the major broadcast enough
but down
with a little shifted we start
which gives us
the little bass riff that accompanies you will see quite simple it is played
on the two strings hard so the rope if it's the rope 5
body of six inhabitants
from the moment we are on the chords in half it is the rope if its
life
if we go over the body
that would be the agreement of saint-camille
after for the agreement of 6 7
we will use the second box on the fifth string
a fifth body in the void
16th anyway
he does it from the end fifth body second place you
the fifth camp david
desire of ropes 4th range
and 6th as a second gas
alas herbal teas listen well because it's heavy I'll you
to learn something
it's called country
grope
atomic lapointe it is played
as well on a piano on a guitar on all the instruments you need
and it's a range that fits
wonderfully well without knowing more
explanations
in fact the chords that I gave you
and you're going to play the cantata or when
I do not know if -ni major
it will be necessary to ask people a little more competent but you
play comedy
places
it is missing two or
April 4
he is red
therefore we do not bring anonymity
but in the continuity
so we are not in the fourth
third
third round
second empty
second in three in the first round
jean-pierre only to the rope 6
we have to play against 3
all the others will be 32
lower you master his mclaren
it will be enough to play them as you feel for the time you want
and you will see sassandra losc malicki
again yesterday
we will add to this guitar riff the little riff bass attention thank you
an unhappy base
now tempting
you remember
I'll do it first by going down and then back on the piece
and after it's improvisation
it's the volume of your glory feet on the turbo kit at the right time and I
really played at your leisure
the gloss
and a sandblaster
carry
again
you are not
percent achieved
Gael Monfils
no
better